Create rule S6405[terraform] Enabling project-wide SSH keys to access VM instances is security-sensitive (#720)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6405/ask-yourself.adoc

== Ask Yourself Whether

* VM instances in a project have different security requirements.

> * Many users with different profiles need access to this project's VM instances.

Reviewer: readability suggestions

```suggestion
* Many users with different profiles need access to the VM instances in that project.
```
